README.md, before:

## OpenCore for Dell e7240 updated for Big Sur with Azurewave AW-CE123H WiFi support

## BigSur fork notes

I am just a tech enthusiast and explorer. 
I do not take responsibility for any damage made to your laptop.

### Specs:
  - Intel Core i7 4310U
  - Intel HD Graphics 4400 (integrated GPU)
  - 1336x728 display (LED paper, non-touch)
  - 12GB DDR3 RAM
  - ALPs trackpad (built-in laptop)
  - Azurewave AW-CE123H (equivalent to dw1550)

  *Note:* My original WiFi card was **dw1601**, which was not supported. If you have another WLAN card and no knowledge about Hackintosh-ing, don't update unless you are ready to use only LAN connection. See [list of supported WiFi cards](https://osxlatitude.com/forums/topic/11138-inventory-of-supportedunsupported-wireless-cards-2-sierra-big-sur/).
 
 If you have **Mojave** and want to update to Big Sur first update your system to
 Catalina and then proceed
 
 Before updating any kext, create a pendrive copy of the actual EFI so if something won't
 work you can restore it. Backups **always help.**
 
### What works 
 - Built-in keyboard (with volume keys)
 - Built-in trackpad (multi gestures) - upto 4 finger gestures supported
 - HDMI video/audio with hotplug
 - Native WiFi (2.5GHz and 5GHz) via Azurewave AW-CE123H
 - Bluetooth (with AirDrop and Handoff) using Azurewave AW-CE123H
 - Native USB3.0 and USB2.0
 - Native audio with AppleHDA
 - Built-in mic
 - Built-in camera
 - Native power management
 - Battery status
 - Display backlight controls with smooth transitions, save/restore across restart
 - NVRAM
 - Integrated Graphics
 - Wired Ethernet
 - Harddrive, Battery, WiFi status lights
 - SD Card Reader
 
 _Note: The above is what I've **tested**. There may be things you're looking for which might not be listed. In that case, drop an Issue and get me to test it for you._ 

### What **doesn't** work
 - WiFi manual on/off switch which is on the side of the laptop. This could be because of my selection of WiFi card. The original had three pins, but this one has two. Good luck with yours.

## ***Below you have info about installation from forked repo***

**OpenCore - post-installation: 0.6.1**





**What you need:**

- Lenovo Y50-70 (or Y70 Haswell) with either 1080p or UHD/4K display
- macOS or OS X downloaded from the Mac App Store
- 8GB USB stick with EFI folder pre-installation on EFI Partition and MacOSX installation.
- Broadcom BCM94352Z for native WiFi (Lenovo FRU: 04X6020, Lenovo PN: 20-200480) or MacOS Broadcom compatible model with BIOS unlock.

**What works:**

Expect to work:
- built-in keyboard (with brightness keys)
- built-in trackpad (multi gestures)
- HDMI video/audio with hotplug
- AirPlay mirroring to AppleTV
- native WiFi via BCM94352Z
- Bluetooth (with handoff) using BCM94352Z
- native USB3
- native audio with AppleHDA
- built-in mic
- built-in camera
- native power management
- battery status
- backlight controls with smooth transitions, save/restore across restart
- accelerated graphics for HD4600 including OpenCL
- wired Ethernet
- retina scaling (in the case of UHD screen)

**Not working:**

- Nvidia GTX 860M 4GB (It doesn't work and it will never work)
- card reader 


**BIOS settings:**

To start, set BIOS to Windows 8 defaults.

Then insure:
- UEFI boot is enabled
- secure boot is disabled
- enable Legacy Boot (but UEFI first) and you may experience less boot time glitches

**For the UHD model, the DVMT-prealloc BIOS setting must be changed to 128MB. One of two methods can be used:**
- use a EFI shell to change the DVMT-prealloc from the shell.
- use a patched BIOS which unlocks the advanced menu

# What you have to do:
 
- Install MacOS with pre-installation EFI

- copy EFI post-installation folder on EFI partition of your HD.

- Modify SMBIOS data with your information for imessage/facetime

(You have to import from your older configuration or generate a new one)
  
    - Use MacSerial to generate your SMBIOS --[Macserial](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg/tree/master/Utilities/macserial)
    - MacSerial Example in terminal macserial -a | grep -i iMac19,1

Output Example from above command:

- iMac19,1 | C02YC2Y1JV3Q | C02909403CDLNV9A8 
- iMac19,1 | C02YX1Y9JV3Q | C02926401GULNV91H
- iMac19,1 | C02YN07JJV3Q | C02918207J9LNV91M
- iMac19,1 | C02YJKZTJV3Q | C029142004NLNV9A8
- iMac19,1 | C02Y6QY5JV3Q | C02905100CDLNV9FB
- iMac19,1 | C02Z4EY6JV3Q | C02930310GULNV98C
- iMac19,1 | C02Y1VY1JV3Q | C02853130GULNV91M
- iMac19,1 | C02ZL06PJV3Q | C029438024NLNV9JA
- iMac19,1 | C02YX072JV3Q | C02926500CDLNV9CB
- iMac19,1 | C02ZW3YFJV3Q | C02952301GULNV9UE


Generic:

    SpoofVendor: YES (This prevents issues with having “Apple,inc” as manufacturer).
    SystemUUID: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    MLB: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    ROM: <> (6 character MAC address, can be entirely random but should be unique).
    SystemProductName: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    SystemSerialNumber: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    

  
Data that you have to modify on Config.plist/Platforminfo/Generic with [PlistEditorPro](https://www.fatcatsoftware.com/plisteditpro/) or other plist editor.
  
  ![PliseditorPRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SaxMachine/Lenovo-Y50-70-OpenCore/master/1.png)
  
  
**Post installation commands to do**

- sudo pmset -a hibernatemode 0
- sudo rm /var/vm/sleepimage
- sudo mkdir /var/vm/sleepimage

**Credits:**

*Rehabman
[tonymacx86 forum](https://www.tonymacx86.com/threads/guide-lenovo-y50-uhd-or-1080p-using-clover-uefi.261723/)


*Xsiry
[Github xsiry](https://github.com/xsiry/Lenovo-Y50-Hackintosh-OC/)

*acidadanthera
[Github Acidanthera](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg)

*macos86.it
[Forum](https://www.macos86.it)

Commit message:

Star this repo if it helps!

README.md, after:

## OpenCore for Dell e7240 updated for Big Sur with Azurewave AW-CE123H WiFi support

## BigSur fork notes

I am just a tech enthusiast and explorer. 
I do not take responsibility for any damage made to your laptop.

### Specs:
  - Intel Core i7 4310U
  - Intel HD Graphics 4400 (integrated GPU)
  - 1336x728 display (LED paper, non-touch)
  - 12GB DDR3 RAM
  - ALPs trackpad (built-in laptop)
  - Azurewave AW-CE123H (equivalent to dw1550)

  *Note:* My original WiFi card was **dw1601**, which was not supported. If you have another WLAN card and no knowledge about Hackintosh-ing, don't update unless you are ready to use only LAN connection. See [list of supported WiFi cards](https://osxlatitude.com/forums/topic/11138-inventory-of-supportedunsupported-wireless-cards-2-sierra-big-sur/).
 
 If you have **Mojave** and want to update to Big Sur first update your system to
 Catalina and then proceed
 
 Before updating any kext, create a pendrive copy of the actual EFI so if something won't
 work you can restore it. Backups **always help.**
 
### What works 
 - Built-in keyboard (with volume keys)
 - Built-in trackpad (multi gestures) - upto 4 finger gestures supported
 - HDMI video/audio with hotplug
 - Native WiFi (2.5GHz and 5GHz) via Azurewave AW-CE123H
 - Bluetooth (with AirDrop and Handoff) using Azurewave AW-CE123H
 - Native USB3.0 and USB2.0
 - Native audio with AppleHDA
 - Built-in mic
 - Built-in camera
 - Native power management
 - Battery status
 - Display backlight controls with smooth transitions, save/restore across restart
 - NVRAM
 - Integrated Graphics
 - Wired Ethernet
 - Harddrive, Battery, WiFi status lights
 - SD Card Reader
 
 _Note: The above is what I've **tested**. There may be things you're looking for which might not be listed. In that case, drop an Issue and get me to test it for you._ 

### What **doesn't** work
 - WiFi manual on/off switch which is on the side of the laptop. This could be because of my selection of WiFi card. The original had three pins, but this one has two. Good luck with yours.
 
 
## Ending Note
Star this repo if it helps you out. Feel free to drop PRs or Issues if you'd like to know anything.

## ***Below you have info about installation from forked repo***

**OpenCore - post-installation: 0.6.1**





**What you need:**

- Lenovo Y50-70 (or Y70 Haswell) with either 1080p or UHD/4K display
- macOS or OS X downloaded from the Mac App Store
- 8GB USB stick with EFI folder pre-installation on EFI Partition and MacOSX installation.
- Broadcom BCM94352Z for native WiFi (Lenovo FRU: 04X6020, Lenovo PN: 20-200480) or MacOS Broadcom compatible model with BIOS unlock.

**What works:**

Expect to work:
- built-in keyboard (with brightness keys)
- built-in trackpad (multi gestures)
- HDMI video/audio with hotplug
- AirPlay mirroring to AppleTV
- native WiFi via BCM94352Z
- Bluetooth (with handoff) using BCM94352Z
- native USB3
- native audio with AppleHDA
- built-in mic
- built-in camera
- native power management
- battery status
- backlight controls with smooth transitions, save/restore across restart
- accelerated graphics for HD4600 including OpenCL
- wired Ethernet
- retina scaling (in the case of UHD screen)

**Not working:**

- Nvidia GTX 860M 4GB (It doesn't work and it will never work)
- card reader 


**BIOS settings:**

To start, set BIOS to Windows 8 defaults.

Then insure:
- UEFI boot is enabled
- secure boot is disabled
- enable Legacy Boot (but UEFI first) and you may experience less boot time glitches

**For the UHD model, the DVMT-prealloc BIOS setting must be changed to 128MB. One of two methods can be used:**
- use a EFI shell to change the DVMT-prealloc from the shell.
- use a patched BIOS which unlocks the advanced menu

# What you have to do:
 
- Install MacOS with pre-installation EFI

- copy EFI post-installation folder on EFI partition of your HD.

- Modify SMBIOS data with your information for imessage/facetime

(You have to import from your older configuration or generate a new one)
  
    - Use MacSerial to generate your SMBIOS --[Macserial](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg/tree/master/Utilities/macserial)
    - MacSerial Example in terminal macserial -a | grep -i iMac19,1

Output Example from above command:

- iMac19,1 | C02YC2Y1JV3Q | C02909403CDLNV9A8 
- iMac19,1 | C02YX1Y9JV3Q | C02926401GULNV91H
- iMac19,1 | C02YN07JJV3Q | C02918207J9LNV91M
- iMac19,1 | C02YJKZTJV3Q | C029142004NLNV9A8
- iMac19,1 | C02Y6QY5JV3Q | C02905100CDLNV9FB
- iMac19,1 | C02Z4EY6JV3Q | C02930310GULNV98C
- iMac19,1 | C02Y1VY1JV3Q | C02853130GULNV91M
- iMac19,1 | C02ZL06PJV3Q | C029438024NLNV9JA
- iMac19,1 | C02YX072JV3Q | C02926500CDLNV9CB
- iMac19,1 | C02ZW3YFJV3Q | C02952301GULNV9UE


Generic:

    SpoofVendor: YES (This prevents issues with having “Apple,inc” as manufacturer).
    SystemUUID: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    MLB: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    ROM: <> (6 character MAC address, can be entirely random but should be unique).
    SystemProductName: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    SystemSerialNumber: Can be generated with MacSerial or use previous from Clover’s config.plist.
    

  
Data that you have to modify on Config.plist/Platforminfo/Generic with [PlistEditorPro](https://www.fatcatsoftware.com/plisteditpro/) or other plist editor.
  
  ![PliseditorPRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SaxMachine/Lenovo-Y50-70-OpenCore/master/1.png)
  
  
**Post installation commands to do**

- sudo pmset -a hibernatemode 0
- sudo rm /var/vm/sleepimage
- sudo mkdir /var/vm/sleepimage

**Credits:**

*Rehabman
[tonymacx86 forum](https://www.tonymacx86.com/threads/guide-lenovo-y50-uhd-or-1080p-using-clover-uefi.261723/)


*Xsiry
[Github xsiry](https://github.com/xsiry/Lenovo-Y50-Hackintosh-OC/)

*acidadanthera
[Github Acidanthera](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg)

*macos86.it
[Forum](https://www.macos86.it)
